Add validationFailedError (#225)
giantswarm/helmclient: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Added new validation error for both upgrade/install cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new validation error for both install and upgrade cases.
```

Author: Thanks, Changelog is the hardest part!
